LAST TIME ON "YU-GI-OH! GX"...
Viper:
FACE IT, JADEN.
NO CARD YOU HAVE
CAN SAVE YOU KNOW.
IT'S MY MOVE!
PRESENTING
ELEMENTAL HERO
MAGMA NEOS!
GO, METEOR MELTDOWN!
[SCREECHES]
I LOST! NO!
HE DID IT!
WHAT AN OFFENSIVE!
I HAVE ENOUGH
ENERGY TO BE REBORN...
BUT VIPER LOST AND FAILED
IN MAKING JADEN PAY...
BUT I'LL STILL USE THIS
CRUDE VESSEL TO DO TO JADEN
WHAT VIPER COULD NOT.
[GROANING]
THE POWER IS
FLOWING FREELY.
NOW JADEN WILL FEEL
MY FULL WRATH.
LET'S GO
ON A LITTLE TRIP.
OHH!
CRAZY!
Jim: THIS ISN'T
THE DUEL ACADEMY
I REMEMBER.
Alexis: WHAT IS
THIS PLACE?
SOMETHING
TELLS ME...
WE'RE NOT
IN KANSAS ANYMORE!
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
Syrus: IT'S THE END
OF THE WORLD!
WHAT HAPPENED?
WHERE ARE WE?
Jim: NOT SURE,
BUT THIS IS ALL
A BIT BIZARRE, MATE.
I'VE NEVER SEEN
SO MUCH SAND!
Hassleberry: MAYBE
WE SHOULD GO DOWN
AND TAKE A CLOSER LOOK?
YA KNOW, FOR
A SCRAWNY GUY,
YOU SURE ARE HEAVY!
THANKS, HASSLEBERRY...
I THINK.
HEY, DON'T MIND HIM!
'CAUSE AFTER
THAT LAST DUEL,
WE'RE JUST HAPPY
THAT YOU'RE STILL
WITH US.
YOU HEAR ME?!
HEY, GUYS,
WHY ARE THERE THREE
SUNS IN THE SKY?
BEATS ME, BUT IT
MIGHT EXPLAIN WHY
THE OCEAN IS
NOW ONE GIGANTIC
SANDBOX.
THIS IS
TOO WEIRD.
HOW DID EVERYTHING
SURROUNDING DUEL ACADEMY
JUST DRY UP
AND GET REPLACED
WITH A DESERT?
I'M NOT SURE,
ALEXIS,
BUT LOOK...
SEE HOW THE LAND
JUST CUTS OFF?
BASED ON THOSE ROCK
CONFIGURATIONS,
I'D SAY THE OCEAN
DIDN'T JUST DRY UP.
IT WAS NEVER HERE
TO BEGIN WITH.
Syrus: SAY WHAT?!
THAT WEIRD GLOWING FIGURE...
MAYBE IT HAD SOMETHING
TO DO WITH THIS.
THIS IS ALL JUST
SO STRANGE.
WASN'T ME!
AAH!
THE TOWER!
IT'S FALLING!
INCOMING!
MOVE IT!
[WHIMPERING]
AAH!
Hassleberry:
MAN DOWN!
SOMETHING
GOT MY LEG!
Jim: NOT SOMETHING,
BUT SOMEONE!
LOOK! IT'S BRODIE!
HE MADE IT!
Jim: EVERYBODY,
TUCK AND ROLL!
[CHIRPS]
Bonaparte:
PINCH ME, CROWLER!
PINCH YOU?!
I AM DREAMING, RIGHT?
WE CAN'T BOTH BE
HAVING THE SAME DREAM.
I'M CALLING CAMPUS
MAINTENANCE IMMEDIATELY.
EH! IT'S NOT RINGING...
NOW WHO'S GONNA CLEAN UP
ALL THIS SAND AROUND HERE!
CROWLER!
LOOK UP IN THE SKY!
THERE'S SOMETHING
FLYING TOWARDS US!
HA HA!
YOO-HOO, OVER HERE!
IT'S A BIRD!
NO, IT'S A PLANE!
NO, IT'S--
WHAT IS THAT?
I THINK I'LL TAKE
A LATER FLIGHT.
ME TOO!
AAH!
AAH! PUT ME DOWN!
CROWLER!
SAVE ME, YOU IDIOT!
GRAB ME!
YOU'RE TOO HEAVY,
LET GO OF ME!
MAKE UP YOUR MIND!
GET A LOAD
OF THAT, GUYS!
[CHIRPS]
WHOA!
WINGED KURIBOH?
YOU CAN SEE HIM,
HASSLEBERRY?
HEY!
[SCREECHES]
[CHIRPS]
Jessie: WE GOTTA
SAVE CROWLER!
JESSE, I CAN HELP YOU
GET YOUR FRIENDS BACK.
HANG ON!
I GOT AN IDEA!
IF THAT HARPIE
IS REAL,
MAYBE WE CAN
SUMMON MONSTERS TOO!
I SUMMON MY
CRYSTAL BEAST...
SAPPHIRE PEGASUS!
IT WORKED!
NOW GO...
SAPPHIRE TORNADO!
[NEIGHS]
AAH!
HUH?
WHAT'S IT EATING?
A WINGED KURIBOH??
Jesse: LOOKS LIKE
OUR MONSTER SPIRITS
AREN'T JUST SPIRITS
ANYMORE.
WHAT DO YOU THINK,
PEGASUS?!
YOU ARE RIGHT!
I DON'T' KNOW WHY...
BUT NOW WE'RE
FLESH AND BLOOD.
SO THAT MUST MEAN WHEN
YOU SUMMON A SPIRIT,
IT COMES TO LIFE.
AND THEN YA CAN USE 'EM
TO DUEL OTHER MONSTERS!
MY PEGASUS TOOK DOWN THAT
HARPIE JUST LIKE HE WOULD
IN A GAME OF DUEL MONSTERS!
THAT'S TRUE,
SO BE CAREFUL.
ANYTHING COULD BE LURKING
AROUND THIS KOOKY PLACE!
THANKS FOR TRYING TO
LEND A HAND BEFORE.
ARE YOU OKAY?
[CHIRPS]
I GUESS SEEIN'
IS BELIEVIN'!
IT'S WAY TOO
DANGEROUS OUT HERE!
LET'S GO INSIDE!
SEEMS LIKE THE ONLY PLACE
THAT HASN'T CHANGED.
OH, MY! SET HIM
DOWN ON THE TABLE.
WHAT ABOUT ME?
I WAS MANHANDLED
BY A MONSTER.
YEAH, YEAH,
WHATEVER!
I'VE GOT A BLISTER FROM
ALL THE SAND IN MY SHOE!
THEN PROFESSOR
STEIN DISAPPEARED,
AND THEN THIS GUY
TRAPPER DISAPPEARED,
THEN VIPER
DISAPPEARED.
THAT'S ALL VERY
EXCITING, JADEN.
YOU CAN PUT AXEL
RIGHT THERE.
NOW, WHO CAN WE MOVE TO
MAKE ROOM FOR YOU, JADEN?
HE CAN HAVE
THIS BED.
I'M SICK
OF THIS PLACE!
THANKS, CHAZZ,
THAT'S SO KIND OF YOU.
WHATEV.
PRETTY COMFY, BOSS!
YOU THREE!
GET OUTTA MY BED!
TAKE IT EASY, BOSS.
YOU'RE NOT WELL.
THAT'S RIGHT,
YOU DON'T WANT
A RELAPSE!
IF YA DON'T GET
YOUR REST,
YOU'RE GONNA
GET SICKER!
WHOA!
AAH!
HOW ARE YOU GUYS REAL?
WHAT'S GOIN' ON?
WE DON'T KNOW,
BUT THEY SURE AIN'T
SPIRITS ANYMORE!
WHAT?!
THAT'S RIGHT, CHAZZ.
IT SEEMS THAT WE'RE
IN AN ANOTHER WORLD
WHERE DUEL MONSTERS
CAN COME TO LIFE!
OH, THE HORROR!
WE FOUGHT
FOR OUR VERY LIVES!
MY LIFE FLASHED
BEFORE ME!
Hassleberry: GET A GRIP!
YOU TWO REALLY
NEED TO CHILL OUT!
I MEAN, AREN'T YOU
SUPPOSED TO BE THE GUYS
WITH ALL THE ANSWERS HERE?
Hassleberry:
THAT'S RIGHT,
SO WHAT'S NEXT?
I'LL TELL YOU WHAT'S
NEXT, HASSLEBERRY!
FIRST WE SEARCH THE SCHOOL
FOR MORE STUDENTS,
THEN WE GATHER
EVERYONE TOGETHER
AND START COLLECTING
INFORMATION!
SOUNDS LIKE WE'VE GOT
OURSELVES A PLAN!
NOW WAS THAT
SO HARD?!
UH...
ALL RIGHT,
WHAT DO YOU SAY WE USE
THE GYM AS HEADQUARTERS?
Crowler: EXCUSE ME,
BUT WE'RE THE ADULTS,
SO WE'LL CALL THE SHOTS.
NOW LET'S SEARCH
THE SCHOOL FOR STUDENTS
AND GATHER THEM
IN THE GYMNASIUM.
CROWLER, HOW LONG
DID IT TAKE YOU
TO THINK UP
THAT GREAT IDEA?
Jesse: OKAY, EVERYONE,
NOW LET'S SPLIT UP,
BUT REMEMBER,
WHEREVER WE ARE,
WE'RE NOT HOME!
SO KEEP YOUR EYES
AND EARS OPEN,
AND WATCH OUT FOR ANYTHING
OUT OF THE ORDINARY!
'CAUSE WHO KNOWS WHAT'S
AROUND THE NEXT CORNER!
Adrian: WE SHOULD BE SAFE
FROM ANYBODY INTERFERING
WITH US IN HERE.
NOW, I HELD UP MY PART
OF THE AGREEMENT,
SO IT'S TIME FOR YOU TO
GIVE ME WHAT YOU PROMISED.
IF YOU HELP ME, ADRIAN,
I WILL SHARE WITH YOU
THE POWER I POSSESS,
AND WE CAN BOTH BEGIN
TO MAKE THINGS RIGHT.
I WENT AND FISHED
YOUR HAND OUT
OF THAT GIANT LAVA LAMP
AND BROUGHT IT HERE SAFELY...
AND YOU PROMISED YOU WOULD
SHARE YOUR POWER WITH ME
IF I LEFT VIPER'S
REACTOR FUNCTIONAL.
OH, YOU'LL GET WHAT
YOU DESERVE, ADRIAN.
GUYS, I THINK I NEED
A BATH REAL BAD.
YUP, YOU STINK!
IT'S MAKING MY STOMACH
TURN UPSIDE DOWN.
WELL, YA DON'T
SMELL AS BAD
AS THE BOSS.
QUIET! BEFORE I CLEAN
ALL YOUR CLOCKS!
YOU MEAN IT, BOSS?
'CAUSE MY WATCH
IS RUNNIN' SLOW!
Jesse: LOOKS LIKE WE DID
A GOOD JOB GATHERING UP
ALL THE STUDENTS.
TOO TRUE,
BUT WE'VE STILL GOT
A NUMBER OF CLASSMATES
WHO COULDN'T BE FOUND.
WE'VE DONE
A HEAD COUNT.
OUT OF ALL
THE PUPILS,
ABOUT A HUNDRED
ENDED UP HERE.
WE WANT SOME ANSWERS!
EVERYONE, PLEASE REMAIN
CALM AND STAY SEATED.
REMAIN CALM?
DUEL ACADEMY
IS A GIANT
SANDCASTLE!
SCHOOL'S OUT AS FAR
AS I'M CONCERNED!
TOTALLY!
I'M OUTTA HERE!
[ROARS]
STAY AWAY!
Jim: I WOULDN'T
GO OUTSIDE.
SHIRLEY'S LIKELY
THE NICEST THING
YOU'RE GONNA MEET.
WELL, WHAT ARE WE
SUPPOSED TO DO, THEN?
JUST STAY HERE
AND DO NOTHING?!
HOW DO YOU KNOW
PEOPLE AREN'T ALREADY
LOOKIN' FOR US?
WHAT IF THEY NEVER
FIND US IN HERE?!
Jim: SETTLE DOWN!
WE UNDERSTAND
YOUR CONCERNS,
BUT RUNNING AMUCK
WON'T HELP ANYBODY.
JIM'S RIGHT.
WE GOTTA KEEP OUR
HEADS ON STRAIGHT,
FELLAS!
NOW, FROM THE INFORMATION WE'VE
BEEN ABLE TO GATHER SO FAR,
WE KNOW THAT WE'RE DEALING
WITH AN ENVIRONMENT THAT
IS NEW TO ALL OF US,
AND FROM PERSONAL EXPERIENCE,
IT'S NOT A SAFE ONE!
I WANT MY MOMMY.
THIS GYM LOOKS SAFE!
Jesse: LISTEN, Y'ALL!
I KNOW THERE'S BEEN
WHISPERS OF DUEL MONSTERS
COMING TO LIFE.
AND IT'S TRUE,
WHICH MEANS ALL NEED
TO BE EXTRA AWARE
OF OUR SURROUNDINGS.
AND THIS WILL BE EASIER
IF WE BREAK
INTO SMALLER GROUPS
AND USE THE CLASSROOMS
AS BASE CAMPS.
GOOD NEWS!
HOPE YOU'RE HUNGRY,
BECAUSE THE KITCHEN
IS COOKIN'!
AND THERE'S PLENTY OF FOOD!
AT LEAST WE
HAVE A COOK!
HOW MUCH FOOD
ARE WE TALKIN'?
HMM. BASED ON
THE NUMBER OF STUDENTS,
A WEEK'S WORTH
OF FOOD AND WATER.
ONLY A WEEK'S WORTH?!
THAT'S NOT
EXACTLY PLENTY!
NO, IT'S NOT!
WE HAVE OUR WORK
CUT OUT FOR US!
WE GOT ONE WEEK
TO FIGURE OUT
WHERE WE ARE
AND HOW TO GET HOME!
OH, YEAH?
AND HOW YA GONNA DO THAT?
YOU DON'T EVEN KNOW WHAT
THIS PLACE IS, OUTBACK!
Jesse: WE'LL FIGURE IT OUT!
BUT WE GOTTA STAND
STRONG TOGETHER.
YA CAN'T START
POINTIN' FINGERS!
YOU KNOW THAT!
THESE ARE THINGS WE ALL
LEARNED THROUGH DUELING.
SO CAN THE NEGATIVITY,
UNDERSTAND?!
Adrian: JESSE!
ADRIAN? IS THAT YOU?
YOU KNOW IT!
IT'S GOOD TO
SEE YOU GUYS!
I DIDN'T KNOW
WHERE ANYONE WAS!
ARE YOU OKAY?
YEAH, I'M FINE,
BUT WE MIGHT HAVE
BIGGER THINGS
TO WORRY ABOUT!
SOMEONE'S HEADING
IN THIS DIRECTION!
WHAT?!
[ALL GASP]
WHO IS THAT?
MAYBE IT'S MAINTENANCE.
OHH! DUEL ACADEMY!
ANYONE, CAN YOU SEE ME?
I'M OVER HERE!
I MADE IT BACK!
UH-OH, NO!
WHAT ARE YOU??
WHERE DID YOU COME FROM?!
AAH!
GET DOWN!
THAT WAS QUITE
THE ACROBATIC MANEUVER!
ARE YOU ALL RIGHT?
I'M FINE.
JUST A MINOR FLESH WOUND.
HA HA HA!
Jesse: SHE'S COMING BACK
FOR SECONDS.
I SUMMON
SAPPHIRE PEGASUS!
TAKE HER DOWN!
OKEY-DOKE!
TRY STICKIN' YOUR
CLAWS INTO THIS,
YA BIRDBRAIN!
HA HA HA!
PEGASUS, BE CAREFUL!
N'WATCH YOUR STEP!
LOOKS LIKE SHE'S
PLANNIN' SOMETHIN'!
I GUESS IN THIS WORLD,
IT'S NOT JUST DUEL MONSTERS
THAT CAN BE SUMMONED,
BUT SPELLS TOO!
SHE JUST PLAYED ONE!
SO YOU BETTER STAY
ALERT AND ON YOUR TOES!
AND NOW IT LOOKS LIKE
THEY'RE EQUIPPING
THEMSELVES WITH ANOTHER
SPELL--CYBER SHIELD!
ALL THE RULES
OF DUEL MONSTERS
MUST APPLY HERE.
THAT SPELL JUST MADE THEM
STRONGER THAN YOU, PEGASUS!
[NEIGHING]
SAPPHIRE PEGASUS!
HA HA HA!
I GOTTA EVEN UP
THE PLAYING FIELD.
AND I GOT JUST
THE CARD DO IT!
HOPE THIS WORKS!
Jesse: PEGASUS, THOSE HARPIES
ARE TOO POWERFUL FOR YOU.
YOU CAN'T BEAT
THEM ON YOUR OWN!
WITH THAT CYBER SHIELD
IN PLAY,
THOSE SISTERS
ARE ALL SOUPED UP.
THEY HAVE YOU
OUTNUMBERED AND OUT-POWERED.
THEY GOT 2,450
ATTACK POINTS!
WHICH IS WAY MORE
THAN YOU HAVE.
DON'T WORRY.
I'LL BE FINE, JESSE.
YOU WILL BE ONCE
I PLAY THIS!
[SCREECHING]
GO, TOPAZ TIGER!
[ROARS]
Sapphire Pegasus:
NOW IT'S MY TURN.
NOT SO TOUGH ARE WE WHEN
IT ISN'T THREE ON ONE!
ATTACK WITH
SAPPHIRE TORNADO!
[NEIGHS]
JESSE, WHAT'S WRONG?
THESE BIOBANDS--
THEY'RE STILL
DRAINING
ENERGY FROM US
IF WE DUEL.
HA HA HA!
OHH!
LOOK WHO'S UP!
FEELING BETTER,
JADEN?
I JUST FELT
A CHILL IN THE AIR.
WHAT'S UP, PAL?
HOW'S AXEL DOING?
HE'LL BE FINE.
MISS FONTAINE!
WE GOT TWO MORE
WOUNDED FOR YA'
TO TAKE A LOOK AT.
HEY, IS THAT...
THAT'S RIGHT,
IT'S ME BASTION.
YOU LOOK TERRIBLE.
I FEEL IT.
JADEN...DO YOU
REMEMBER YOUR MATCH
WITH PROFESSOR EISENSTEIN?
DURING THAT DUEL,
I TRULY BEGAN TO
APPRECIATE HIS BRILLIANCE.
I REALIZED IF I DEDICATED
MYSELF TO HIS TEACHINGS,
THE KNOWLEDGE I COULD LEARN
WOULD BE LIMITLESS.
I THEN FOUND MYSELF
WORKING WITH HIM ON HIS
"UNIFIED DUEL THEORY."
Jaden: WHAT'S THAT?
IT'S THE IDEA THAT'S BASED
ON THE PRESUMPTION
THAT THERE EXISTS
12 DIFFERENT DIMENSIONS.
AND ONE OF THEM HAS A WORLD
WHERE DUEL SPIRITS LIVE!
AS WE EXPLORED WAYS TO
TRAVEL TO THIS DIMENSION,
SOMETHING WENT
TERRIBLY WRONG.
IT APPEARED THAT
WE HAD PIERCED
AN INTER-DIMENSIONAL VORTEX
THUS TRIGGERING AN INCREDIBLE
FORCE OF COSMIC ENERGY.
AAH!
THE ENTIRE LAB WAS CONSUMED
BY A POWERFUL LIGHT.
WHEN I REGAINED
CONSCIOUSNESS,
I FOUND MYSELF
IN A SANDY NO MAN'S LAND.
AND YOU, JADEN?
HOW DID YOU ARRIVE
IN THIS DESOLATE WORLD?
I WAS IN A DUEL,
AND I WON.
THEN THERE WAS
A BIG FLASH
OF LIGHT.
INTERESTING.
SO IT SEEMS THAT WE'RE
ALL STRANDED HERE
IN THIS DIMENSION.
FOR THE TIME BEING.
SO IS THIS THE WORLD
EISEN-STEIN WAS
TALKING ABOUT?
BECAUSE WE'VE SEEN
DUEL SPIRITS COME
TO LIFE OUT THERE.
IT'S EISEN-"STEEN."
AND YES, I BELIEVE WE
ARE IN THAT WORLD.
AND WHAT A PERILOUS
WORLD IT IS!
WE'RE NOT SAFE!
DO YOU HEAR ME, JADEN?
THEY'RE COMING AFTER US.
DON'T YOU SEE WE'RE
IN THEIR WORLD NOW,
NOT OURS!
AND THEY'RE ALIVE, JADEN,
THEY'RE ALIVE!
BASTION, NOW JUST
TRY TO RELAX.
Jesse: GRAB HIM!
MISS FONTAINE,
HE NEEDS SOME WATER!
IS HE OKAY?
Jim: HE'LL BE FINE.
HE JUST NEEDS TO REST!
Man: CHANCELLOR SHEPPARD,
YOU MIGHT WANT TO SEE THIS.
I KNOW THE SCHOOL WAS
THERE WHEN I LEFT.
OH, BOY, PARENTS
WON'T LIKE THIS.
DON'T MOVE!
HI-YA!
DEAR ME!
I JUST HAD
THIS PRESSED!
QUIET! YOU'RE GONNA
HELP ME FIND
A STUDENT THAT WAS
AT THIS SCHOOL.
WHAT IN THE?!
HI-YA!
WHO ARE YOU?!
PEGASUS? TO WHAT DO I OWE
THE PLEASURE?
I'M SO HONORED!
I RECEIVED A RATHER
URGENT MESSAGE
FROM KAIBA CORP.
THEY SAID SOMETHING
ABOUT THE ACADEMY
OR LACK THEREOF.
DO THEY KNOW
THE WHEREABOUTS
OF THE SCHOOL?
CURRENTLY THERE ISN'T MUCH
INFORMATION TO SHARE.
BUT WE DO KNOW THAT MANY
OF THE STUDENTS ARE MISSING,
INCLUDING JADEN YUKI
AND HIS GAGGLE OF FRIENDS.
NOW THEN, WE NEED TO GET
TO THE BOTTOM OF THIS,
AND I THINK I KNOW WHERE
TO START DIGGING.
[OJAMAS CRYING]
Chazz:
THERE'S NO CRYING
AT DUEL ACADEMY,
SO COOL IT, WILL YA?
WE'RE SORRY, BOSS.
WE'RE JUST GETTING USED
TO GRAVITY IS ALL.
AND THERE'RE
MONSTERS OUT THERE!
THAT'S RIGHT.
REAL BIG, SCARY,
MEAN MONSTERS.
HELLO? YOU GUYS
ARE MONSTERS!
HEH HEH. OH, YEAH!
GOOD POINT, BOSS!
NOW LET'S SEE IF
THE THREE OF YA
CAN STILL FLY!
[SCREAMING]
THIS REALLY STINKS!
WHAT IF IT STAYS
LIKE THIS FOREVER?
IS THIS REALLY HOW IT'S
ALL GONNA END FOR US?
DON'T WORRY, PRIVATE.
THERE'S PROBABLY
A RESCUE TEAM COMIN'
HERE RIGHT NOW!
[THINKING]
BUT WHERE'S HERE?
HEY, IS ADRIAN OKAY?
YEAH. MISS FONTAINE
PATCHED HIM GOOD AS NEW.
N'AFTER A GOOD NIGHT'S REST,
HE'LL BE RIGHT AS RAIN.
HOPE SO.
HEY, DOES THAT CROC
EVER GET HEAVY?
HUH?
[THINKING]
THE ARM'S NOT IN THERE!
WHERE COULD YOU
HAVE GONE?
DID SOMEONE COME
IN HERE AND TAKE YOU
WHILE I WAS AWAY?
I GOTTA GET YOU BACK HERE!
WE HAD A DEAL!
I HAVE TO FIND IT.
'CAUSE, IF I DON'T EVERYTHING
WILL HAVE BEEN FOR NOTHING.
IT OWES ME!
[SHUDDERING]
I'M SENSING A DARK SOUL
THAT WILL SERVE ME WELL.
HOW LONG ARE WE
GONNA BE HERE FOR?
I WANT MY MOM.
THIS PLACE SCARES ME.
I FEEL I'M GETTING CLOSER.
WHAT IF THE
MONSTERS GET IN HERE?
DO YOU THINK
WE'RE SAFE?
YOU CAN'T HIDE FROM ME,
NO ONE CAN.
HE'S HERE.
I'M SURE OF IT.
HEY, UM, MARCEL?
YES, BLAIR.
WILL YOU, UH...
WILL YOU COME TAKE
A WALK WITH ME?
WHERE?
JUST...
DOWN THE HALL.
DON'T WORRY I 'AD
TO GO TO THE TWALET
AS WELL.
AT LEAST DAIR
WON'T BE A LINE.
YOU'RE SO FUNNY.
GOT ANY OTHER JOKES?
SURE.
KNOCK, KNOCK...
WHO'S THERE?
AXEL, ARE YOU
AWAKE OVER THERE?
OH, GOOD, YOU'RE UP!
COULDN'T SLEEP, HUH?
I JUST WANTED TO SAY,
WHAT YOU DID
BACK THERE AT THE LAB
WAS REALLY COOL!
JUST GO, GO! FASTER!
SO I OWE YOU ONE,
PAL!
YOU'RE WELCOME, JADEN.
NOW GET SOME SLEEP.
WHAT'S UP,
SOMETHING WRONG?
[SCREAMING]
DID YOU HEAR THAT?
LET'S GO!
THIS WAY!
HOLD UP! JADEN!
HEY, GUESS YOU'RE
FEELING BETTER.
YEAH,
A LOT BETTER!
SO YOU GUYS
HEARD IT, TOO.
WHAT, ARE YOU
KIDDING ME?
I THINK THE WHOLE
ACADEMY HEARD THAT.
Axel:
WE BETTER MOVE IT!
RIGHT!
IT'S BLAIR!
WHAT HAPPENED?
BLAIR, WAKE UP!
JADEN,
IT TOOK HIM.
IT TOOK MARCEL.
I TRIED TO STOP IT,
BUT IT SCRATCHED ME WITH
THIS GROSS LOOKING HAND.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN "IT"?
WHAT WAS IT, BLAIR?!
LOOK AT THAT.
IT "SCRATCHED" HER?
I TELL YOU I NEVER SEEN
A SCRATCH LIKE THAT!
BLAIR, HANG IN THERE!
MISS FONTAINE WILL KNOW
HOW TO FIX THIS RIGHT UP!
TAKE'ER!
AND WE'LL GO
LOOK FOR MARCEL.
SOUND GOOD?
ALL RIGHT!
LET'S GO!
[THINKING]
I GOTTA FIND YOU.
YOU PROMISED ME.
WE'RE A PERFECT FIT.
Jaden, thinking:
I WONDER IF WHAT ATTACKED
BLAIR IS THE SAME THING
THAT ATTACKED VIPER
ON THE PLATFORM...
BUT WHY BLAIR AND MARCEL?
AND WHAT'S
WITH THAT WOUND?
WE'RE ALMOST THERE.
JUST TRY TO HANG ON.
♪ CHILLING
OUT WITH YOUR CREW
IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING
TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT
CLASS, THEY NEVER
TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS
YOU GOT TO LEARN
HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM
ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET
YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪